if you are looking for a reliable one
You must join a logistics partner
transported grass with fitted wardrobes are more
We are specialized in more than 65 years
national international transport and
warehousing in us 8,000 square meters
large warehouse
we are all types of goods
to succeed
do arrogant picking thanks to this
way of working we can do three
branch different products together
it you not for a lot of customers and
offered a solution for everyone
a paper with 145 employees
we can all kinds of transport
in our extensive fleet and we
different types of trucks such as
he on beams
superimposed with a disk through his side
tankers all our vehicles are from
the brand scania van garant stands for
quality as the fleet of more than 200
semi-trailers is used in a handy way
manipulated by our lodge
we mainly transport to the west
Europe where can you do that, of course
expand to other countries
via on-board computers in our trucks
we can perfect ourselves where our follower
drivers that are located with us can take you there
be sure that you receive goods on time
reach their destination
wish you prevail with us
our company therefore becomes constant
monitored by cameras in addition
of course we also have all
necessary stress kika day in our garage
we can handle all necessary repairs
do the pistons yourself if you are looking
to a transport for your goods and
storage space on both do not hesitate
to contact us
you will find us at the leuvensesteenweg 2012
in boutersem